Minor revisions (#4)
erlend-aasland/peps: peps/pep-0755.rst

PEP: 755
Title: Status quo of the CPython 3.12 build system
Author: Erlend Egeberg Aasland <erlend@python.org>,

>         Zachary Ware <zach@python.org>

Reviewer: BTW, you'll need to fix your email in your previous PEPs first. I had to do the same (see python/peps#3463)

This PEP describes the pains core developers have with the CPython build system,

> and their desired goals and wishes for the future CPython build system.
> 
> .. XXX?
>    ...for its future.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and their desired goals and wishes for its future.
```

If we are to make large scale changes to the current build system,

> we need to know more about its pros and cons.
> 
> .. XXX?
>    ...need to be sure we know what we're getting into.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we need to be sure we know what we're getting into.

```

Currently, the CI is implemented using GitHub Actions,
so for convenience, the build system should be supported by all GitHub runners.

> For core developers, a common use case is _reconfigure_ and _rebuild_:

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
For core developers, common use cases are _reconfigure_ and _rebuild_:
```
